docs: list_view spec (#352)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/DESIGN.md

    description_column="Descriptions",
    icon_column="Icons",
    title_column="SectionNames",
    selected_key=color,
    on_selection_change=set_color
)
```

###### ui.list_view
A list view that can be used to create a list of items. Children should be one of two types:  
1. If children are of type `ListViewItem`, they are the list items.  
2. If children are of type `Table`, the values in the table are the list items. There can only be one child, the `Table`.   

```py
import deephaven.ui as ui
ui.list_view(

>     *children: ListViewItem | Table | PartitionedTable,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *children: ListViewItem | Table

    key_column: ColumnName | None = None,
    label_column: ColumnName | None = None,
    description_column: ColumnName | None = None,
    icon_column: ColumnName | None = None,
    action_buttons: ActionButtonElement | ActionGroupElement | ActionMenuElement | None = None,
    default_selected_keys: Selection | None = None,
    selected_keys: Selection | None = None,
    render_empty_state: Element | None = None,
    on_selection_change: Callable[[Selection], None] | None = None, 
    on_change: Callable[[Selection], None] | None = None,
    **props: Any

> ) -> ListViewElement

Reviewer: What about `disabledKeys`?

> The item keys that are disabled. These items cannot be selected, focused, or otherwise interacted with.

And I assume you are omitting for brevity, but are intended to be supported:
`density`,
`isQuiet`,
`selectionStyle`
`selectionMode`
`disallowEmptySelection`

Author: I only specify the arg here if it's going to deviate in a meaningful way from React Spectrum or is one of the main args that demonstrates functionality. All args are intended to be supported, with the exception of the ones pointed out in the Parameters section below.
If there's any you'd like to see that you think are important to show I can certainly add them. I take it `disabledKeys` is one?

Author: That also makes me wonder if `disabled_column` would be a good idea for this and for picker

Reviewer: Yeah, my initial though was that it could potentialyl be table driven, but maybe not, I could see someone wanting to mix a table driven list, with a manual state driven list of keys.

Anyways, I was unsure how the type would differ. I guess it would expect a list of strings.

Author: as a general rule `Iterable` in React Spectrum will map to a `list` or `tuple`, so it would just be a `list` or `tuple` of type `Key`

Author: As for the table driven `disabledKeys`, I suppose it's a matter of priority at this time. It certainly seems reasonable to do.

Reviewer: Safe to drop. Not performant, but assuming a low number of keys someone could also always use_column_data it.

    description_column="Descriptions",
    icon_column="Icons",
    title_column="SectionNames",
    selected_key=color,
    on_selection_change=set_color
)
```

> ###### ui.list_view
> A list view that can be used to create a list of items. Children should be one of two types:  
> If children are of type `ListViewItem`, they are the list items.  
> If children are of type `Table`, the values in the table are the list items. There can only be one child, the `Table`.   
> If children are of type `PartitionedTable`, the partitions create navigable sections. The values in the table are the list items. There can only be one child, the `PartitionedTable`.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
###### ui.list_view
A list view that can be used to create a list of items. Children should be one of many types:  
1. If children are of type `ListViewItem`, they are the list items.  
2. If children are of type `Table`, the values in the table are the list items. There can only be one child, the `Table`.   
3. If children are of type `PartitionedTable`, the partitions create navigable sections. The values in the table are the list items. There can only be one child, the `PartitionedTable`.  

```

| `label_column`               | `ColumnName \| None`                                                     | Only valid if children are of type `Table`. The column of values to display as primary text. Defaults to the `key_column` value.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `description_column`         | `ColumnName \| None`                                                     | Only valid if children are of type `Table`. The column of values to display as descriptions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `icon_column`                | `ColumnName \| None`                                                     | Only valid if children are of type `Table`. The column of values to map to icons.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer 2: Are these valid for `PartitionedTable` as well?

Author: Yes, good point

Author: Dropped PartitionedTable
